welcome to platinum car wash and detail
sit back and relax while we do all the
hard work for you after our wash
attendant rids your vehicle of excess
dirt and bugs your journey through our
state-of-the-art wash tunnel begins your
vehicle is completely covered in our
powerful yet gentle soaps to loosen that
stubborn grime our top brushes and will
brushes begin working away at the dirt
next our undercarriage rinse kicks in to
ensure your vehicle's clean top and
bottom our triple foam polish is
specially formulated to bring out your
paints natural shine our enviro soft
foam brushes are guaranteed not to
scratch as they clean every square inch
of your vehicle
next our high-pressure rinse blasts away
any remaining dirt and soap a sealer
conditioner is applied and our final
rinse guarantees your vehicle comes out
spot free online tire shine application
is also available your journey is almost
complete after passing through our
high-powered air dryers every vehicle
receives a hand towel finish
you
to learn more about platinum car wash in
detail check out our website at WWF in
my calm and don't forget to like us on
facebook at WWF ace book comm slash
platinum car wash utah